h1. Impact tracker for graduates

Proudly created at the "Geeklist":http://git.geekli.st/NataliaStanko/impact-tracker "#hack4good":https://geekli.st/hackathon/52609d4ea5bfe2535f000011 0.3 Dublin.

Web application to keep in touch with alumni, re-engage them and track their work careers

h4. Young Enterprise

Many charities, like Young Enterprise, work with young people to develop their employability skills.
There is an increasing need to demonstrated long-term impact, years after the young people have left programmes.

h4. The Challenge

How can we use technology to track young people once they leave our programmes, keep in touch with our alumni, re-engage them, and utilise this incredible network to demonstrate impact?

_young enterprise_

h4. Technologies

Symfony 2.3.6

h4. License

The MIT License

Copyright © 2013, Natalia Stanko, Jan Kraus

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.